Feature: SUNDomEigEstimator upgrades (#847)
LLNL/sundials: doc/shared/sundomeigest/SUNDomEigEst_Power.rst

(:c:func:`N_VClone()`, :c:func:`N_VDotProd()`, :c:func:`N_VScale()`, and
:c:func:`N_VDestroy()`).

Power iteration is useful for large, sparse matrices whose dominant eigenvalues

> are algebraic multiplicity one.  The algorithm starts with a non-zero

Author: @Copilot, it looks good to me. Why do you think it's a problem?

> are algebraic multiplicity one.  The algorithm starts with a non-zero

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Power iteration is useful for large, sparse matrices whose dominant eigenvalue
has algebraic multiplicity one, or if the dominant eigenvalues are a complex conjugate pair, then that pair has algebraic multiplicity one.  The algorithm starts with a non-zero
```

The iteration continues until the two successive eigenvalue approximations are
relatively close enough to one another.  That is, for some :ref:`relative tolerance <pi_rel_tol>`.

The default Power iteration implementation estimates complex-valued dominant

> eigenvalues with real arithmetic.  After the iteration phase, a postprocessing 

Reviewer: Note: if PI will work with complex arithmetic (I believe it should), then when we  merge this PR with `suncomplextype`, the next few paragraphs will need to be revised.

The iteration continues until the two successive eigenvalue approximations are
relatively close enough to one another.  That is, for some :ref:`relative tolerance <pi_rel_tol>`.

The default Power iteration implementation estimates complex-valued dominant
eigenvalues with real arithmetic.  After the iteration phase, a postprocessing 
step is performed using the two most recent iterate vectors (approximations of 

> the dominant eigenvector).  These vectors are used to construct a 2×2 projection

Reviewer 2: Avoid non-ascii characters
```suggestion
the dominant eigenvector).  These vectors are used to construct a :math:`2 \times 2` projection
```

of the original matrix.

If the two iterates are (numerically) linearly dependent, this indicates
convergence to a one-dimensional invariant subspace, consistent with a
real-valued dominant eigenvalue.  In this case, the dominant eigenvalue
estimate is taken as the Rayleigh quotient of the final iterate.

If the iterates are not linearly dependent, they span a two-dimensional

> subspace.  A 2×2 projection of the original matrix onto this subspace is

Reviewer 2: Avoid non-ascii characters
```suggestion
subspace.  A :math:`2 \times 2` projection of the original matrix onto this subspace is
```

constructed, and the eigenvalues of this projected matrix are used as the
dominant eigenvalue estimates.  This allows the method to capture complex
conjugate dominant eigenvalue pairs.

An option is also provided to estimate only a real-valued dominant

> eigenvalue.  In this mode, the 2×2 projection step is skipped and the

Reviewer 2: Avoid non-ascii characters
```suggestion
eigenvalue.  In this mode, the :math:`2 \times 2` projection step is skipped and the
```

      :c:func:`SUNDomEigEstimator_SetInitialGuess`.

.. c:function:: SUNErrCode SUNDomEigEstimator_SetDEEisReal_Power(SUNDomEigEstimator DEE, sunbooleantype real);

>    This routine sets the ``real`` flag in the Power iteration dominant eigenvalue estimator object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This routine informs the Power iteration that the dominant eigenvalue is 
   real-valued, so that the complex projection described in Section 
   :numref:`SUNDomEigEst.Introduction` can be omitted.
```

      :c:func:`SUNDomEigEstimator_SetInitialGuess`.

> .. c:function:: SUNErrCode SUNDomEigEstimator_SetDEEisReal_Power(SUNDomEigEstimator DEE, sunbooleantype real);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. c:function:: SUNErrCode SUNDomEigEstimator_SetDEEisReal_Power(SUNDomEigEstimator DEE, sunbooleantype real)
```

   This routine informs the Power iteration that the dominant eigenvalue is 
   real-valued, so that the complex projection described in Section 
   :numref:`SUNDomEigEst.Introduction` can be omitted.

   :param DEE: the dominant eigenvalue estimator object.

>    :param real: the value to set the ``real`` flag to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :param real: flag indicating that the dominant eigenvalue is real-valued.
```

>    :returns: If successful, ``SUN_SUCCESS`` otherwise an appropriate error code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :returns: ``SUN_SUCCESS`` if successful, otherwise an appropriate error code.
```

   .. note::

      If ``real`` is ``SUNTRUE``, then the convergence criterion is based on the relative change 
      in the magnitude of successive eigenvalue estimates.  If ``real`` is ``SUNFALSE``, then a 
      postprocessing step is performed to compute the complex-valued dominant eigenvalue estimate, 
      and the convergence criterion is based on the relative change in the magnitude of successive 
      eigenvalue estimates. :c:func:`SUNDomEigEstimator_SetRelTol` can be used to set 

>       the relative tolerance for this convergence criterion.

Reviewer: The convergence test is the same for both cases, so this can be simplified:
```suggestion
      No matter the value of ``real``, the convergence criterion is based on the relative change in the 
      magnitude of successive eigenvalue estimates (with tolerance set using 
      :c:func:`SUNDomEigEstimator_SetRelTol`).  If ``real`` is ``SUNTRUE``, then the final Power 
      Iteration estimate is returned.  Otherwise, a postprocessing step is performed to compute 
      the complex-valued dominant eigenvalue estimate.
```

      :c:func:`SUNDomEigEstimator_SetInitialGuess`.

.. c:function:: SUNErrCode SUNDomEigEstimator_SetIsReal_Power(SUNDomEigEstimator DEE, sunbooleantype real)

   This routine informs the Power iteration that the dominant eigenvalue is 
   real-valued, so that the complex projection described in Section 
   :numref:`SUNDomEigEst.Power` can be omitted.

   :param DEE: the dominant eigenvalue estimator object.
   :param real: flag indicating that the dominant eigenvalue is real-valued.

   :returns: ``SUN_SUCCESS`` if successful, otherwise an appropriate error code. 

   .. note::

      No matter the value of ``real``, the convergence criterion is based on the relative change in the 
      magnitude of successive eigenvalue estimates (with tolerance set using 
      :c:func:`SUNDomEigEstimator_SetRelTol`).  If ``real`` is ``SUNTRUE``, then the final Power 

>       Iteration estimate is returned.  Otherwise, a postprocessing step is performed to compute 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      iteration estimate is returned.  Otherwise, a postprocessing step is performed to compute 
```

      the complex-valued dominant eigenvalue estimate. 

      The default value is ``SUNFALSE``.

.. c:function:: SUNErrCode SUNDomEigEstimator_SetRelTol_Power(SUNDomEigEstimator DEE, sunrealtype rel_tol)

   This routine sets the relative tolerance used by the Power iteration.

   :param DEE: the dominant eigenvalue estimator object.
   :param rel_tol: requested relative tolerance.

   :returns: ``SUN_SUCCESS`` if successful, otherwise an appropriate error code.

   .. note::

      In the Power implementation, ``rel_tol`` is used in two ways.

      First, it is used in the convergence test for successive dominant
      eigenvalue estimates:

      .. math::

         \left|\lambda_{k} - \lambda_{k-1}\right|
         \le \mathtt{rel\_tol} \cdot |\lambda_{k}|.

      Second, when estimating complex-valued dominant eigenvalues with real
      arithmetic, it is used to determine whether the two most recent iterates
      are numerically linearly dependent. In this case,

      .. math::

         \mathtt{gram\_det\_tol} = 10 \cdot \max\left(\varepsilon,\; \mathtt{rel\_tol}\right),

      where :math:`\varepsilon` denotes machine precision. If the determinant

>       of the 2×2 Gram matrix formed from the two most recent iterates is less

Reviewer 2: Avoid non-ascii characters
```suggestion
      of the :math:`2 \times 2` Gram matrix formed from the two most recent iterates is less
```

      than or equal to ``gram_det_tol``, then the dominant eigenvalue is treated
      as real.

      To avoid masking a small imaginary part of the dominant eigenvalue,
      ``rel_tol`` should not be chosen too large. In practice, the smallest
      reliably detectable imaginary part satisfies

      .. math::

         |\beta| \gtrsim \mathcal{O}(\mathtt{rel\_tol}),

      so to resolve an expected imaginary part of magnitude :math:`|\beta|`, it
      is recommended to choose

      .. math::

         \mathtt{rel\_tol} \ll |\beta|.

      Choosing a smaller relative tolerance improves the ability to detect
      weakly complex eigenvalues, but may increase computational cost.

>       Acceptable inputs satisfy :math:`0 < \mathtt{rel\_tol} < 1 - \varepsilon`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      Acceptable inputs satisfy :math:`0 < \mathtt{rel\_tol} < 1`.
```

* ``num_ATimes`` - number of calls to the ``ATimes`` function,

* ``rhs_linY`` - state vector for linearization point,

> * ``rhs_linT`` - time value for linearization point (default is 0.0),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``rhs_linT`` - time value for linearization point,
```

* ``num_ATimes`` - number of calls to the ``ATimes`` function,

* ``rhs_linY`` - state vector for linearization point,

* ``rhs_linT`` - time value for linearization point,

* ``rel_tol`` - relative tolerance for the convergence criteria (default is 0.005),

* ``res`` - the residual from the last :c:func:`SUNDomEigEstimator_Estimate`
  call.

* ``rhsfn`` - user provided RHS function,

* ``rhs_data`` - pointer to the data structure for ``rhsfn``,

* ``nfevals`` - number of RHS evaluations,

* ``is_complex`` - flag indicating whether the dominant eigenvalue is 

>   complex-valued (default is ``SUNTRUE``).

Author: @Copilot, true for is_complex and false for SUNDomEigEstimator_SetIsReal_Power. Why do you think this is a problem?

* ``SUNDomEigEstimator_GetNumIters_Power``

> * ``SUNDomEigEstimator_GetNumRhsCalls_Power``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* ``SUNDomEigEstimator_GetNumRhsEvals_Power``
```
